---
layout: post
title: "Why?"
date: 2017-05-08
category: posts
type: long
permalink: /blog/why
excerpt: ""
---
There are a billion blogs out there. Does the internet really need another?

Well, probably not. But I'm going to try anyway. Here's why...

I spend a lot of time learning on the internet. Because of the internet I have learned how to fix carburetors, take apart Macs, install water-powered sump pumps, make websites, diagnose and replace the heating coil in a dryer, build a Nicholson workbench, and so much more. The only reason I was able to do those things is because someone put them out there.

I've taken a lot from my online peers, but rarely have I given back. I think I'm finally ready to contribute.

### Defining Success

I want to make sure I'm not wasting my energy though. If I want to add to the fabric of the internet, but no one ~~learns anything~~ even visits, it was a bust. I'd probably be better off putting my energy elsewhere. I don't want that to happen. So I'm going to try this out until the end of the year. Like a mid-year resolution, so to speak. I just have to make sure I can stay on track. Thankfully, a lot of other people have already figured out how to do this.

At [Secondstreet](http://secondstreet.com), we've adopted (and modified) the [OKR system](https://rework.withgoogle.com/guides/set-goals-with-okrs/steps/introduction/) that Google uses. So I'm going to lay out my Objectives and Key Results for this blog. It's the only way I know how to determine my success.

### Objectives

 - Be first when Googling 'jake apple'
 - Have this blog be considered worthy of syndication at [unpluggedshop.com](https://unpluggedshop.com) by December 2017
 - TBD
